[Music]
it's because you're scared of me what's
inside of me
what detective grayson amy robot i'm a
new partner
[Music]
mom this woman is not your mother tell
her i'm not you
i woke up in a car and these men tried
to kill me
who are you it's you you're the boy from
the circus can you help me
this from gotham likes to work alone the
mayor has released a statement
this is a violent sociopath my mom
says there's no such thing as monsters
i think she was wrong there's something
inside of me
something evil where are we going
somewhere safe
you're activated family trip
who's first me
who are you exactly who the hell are you
i don't i don't know
who is she what do you want with her
hey
[Music]
hi we don't need him we could go out on
the when you want and then you can heal
there you are dear who were they
what the hell do they want with rachel
who needs to go before we hit the
highway
oh gosh who are you this being who took
her from you we have only recently
become aware of her
come on i have a feeling you'll do
better with me than with them that cop
you told me about
he's not your father is he no no
i'm uh rachel your hair is cool
the cops are looking for children and
they're looking for you too assault on
multiple officers
arson please tell me what the hell is
going on you left me rachel
i need to go back to the sister welcome
home rachel
when she was brought to us rachel was
hiding from her father
truth is we should never have let you go
i promised you'd be safe here didn't i
how long you've been looking for rachel
a few months i thought seems like a lot
longer than a few months
rachel's birthday the mortality rate
spikes every year
on that day over 200 000 additional dead
worldwide
i think she's part of a prophecy let me
do you are an
incredibly selfish she's the destroyer
of
i world unzip my dna and rearrange it
don't worry i don't bite on this girl
touch our new patient
she knew what she was feeling what else
is she capable of
when i was in detroit i was planning on
leaving robin behind why
when i put on that mask i've become
someone i can't control i want my
parents back
he's running this freak show i'll come
with you i thought we weren't splitting
up i'm coming back
i promise bruce wayne was at the circus
the night
your parents died i want to help you
what's he seeing on the hallucinogens
the deepest darkest parts of himself how
long till he's fully cooked
within an hour good i want dad to meet
his new family
nap time kids he's volunteered to be
your foster parent and dick the police
they believe
it may not have been an accident someone
killed my parents
that's my dust living with bruce wayne
is going to change your life forever
i'm searching what you killed my parents
police are doing there i have to be the
one who finds them
why so i can kill them detective grayson
are you mr adamson and what do you want
with rachel you found me
so the organization is sending people to
kill us
nice to meet you bro i'm the new robin
what happened to him he said he worked
for something called the organization
and they worked for rachel's father you
seem to have people everywhere
who are your friends not important hi
i'm rachel jason
wait you're robin too i thought you were
robin i am he was
[Music]
he says your birth mother is still alive
what he claims they've been holding a
prison record show the facility is
closed and abandoned
you stupid back out next don't worry
he's just taking a little nap where are
they
undergoing evaluation we are but
servants tasked with finding you
please relax mr grayson i think you'll
find it will go easier if you do
right now
are you angela who are you
your daughter
i can't stop thinking about the asylum
you were talking in your sleep anything
revealing
i'll tell you if i could understand a
word you were saying a sidekick's got to
stick together
i'm saying being robin doesn't work
anymore but not being robin doesn't work
either i'm sure you're going to be okay
what do you think i attacked that guy
how did it feel i'm the tiger it's not
completely me
it's like i'm inside something
controlling it but
it has control too hey you want my
advice don't be robbing
all those years bruce was helping me he
was turning me into a weapon but you
can't unlearn what he teaches you when
you can't control it
flight's out [ __ ] i can't do more
good being donna troy i quit not batman
this time
problem how did you do it do what quit
i didn't quit i just stopped
how is that different you'll figure it
out i have a house
in ohio all of you want it's at least
like i'm writing
why do you have pictures of letters and
some offshoot of sumerian on your cell
phone that's not scenario we searched
every day
i said offshoot this alphabet has been
lost for centuries
we need a doctor in here we need to
fight jason todd
rachel nation this could be like our
secret base
cool it's definitely a mission statement
for your friend cory who's referred to
by name
or as knight or starfire cory
are you okay something's wrong with me
what happened at the asylum
if your brain is hurt maybe i can
heal it do you feel anything rachel i
don't think this is
your friend corey is here to kill rachel
you tried to kill rachel
i have to go
i come from a planet called tamarind
anything else coming back your father
he's stronger than you he could save god
my child who's this rachel's mother it's
a family affair
trigon this being was summoned to earth
to conceive a daughter rachel
she is the doorway that he can walk
through earth will be the first planet
that he will cover in his darkness
what the [ __ ] is going on let's try
where the house should be my friend is
dying
his darkness rather than deny its
existence talk to me
this was not my doing i offered your
friend a path
ultimately he chose his own way i
released your friend
i'm a terrible burden it feels so good
to be home
you'll see
you